CSS-10880 Improve documentation (#53)
canonical/superset-k8s-operator: documentation/tutorial/03-deploy-supporting-charms.md

# Deploy supporting charms

This part of the tutorial focuses on deploying PostgreSQL and Redis charms, which Superset requires to function.

## Deploy a Database
Charmed Superset relies on an external [Charmed PostgreSQL](https://charmhub.io/postgresql-k8s) database for storing application metadata such as users, dashboard definitions and logs. Deploy it as follows:

```bash
juju deploy postgresql-k8s --trust

```
You can check the deployment was successful by running `juju status`. You should expect an output like this:

```
Model           Controller           Cloud/Region        Version  SLA          Timestamp
superset-model  superset-controller  microk8s/localhost  3.5.3    unsupported  10:48:10+01:00

App             Version  Status   Scale  Charm           Channel    Rev  Address  Exposed  Message
postgresql-k8s           waiting    0/1  postgresql-k8s  14/stable  381           no       installing agent

Unit              Workload  Agent       Address  Ports  Message
postgresql-k8s/0  waiting   allocating                  installing agent

```

[note]

> The database deployment may take some time, up to 10 minutes, to complete. After that, all Juju components should be in `active` status. 

Reviewer: nitpick: `up to` indicates to me that 10 minutes is a hard limit. A more hedged wording might be better, or we can put more information about other signs to look for such as the debug log.

I also see that similar usage is in other files, any action taken for this should be taken for them as well.

Author: I take your point. The tutorial is supposed to provide a single path to success without tangents or expectation of failure, so I've updated the wording to make them less absolute. I have plans to separately add a `how-to` section for debugging but that is outside the scope of this documentation push.

# Deploy Supporting Charms

This is part of the
[Charmed Superset Tutorial]().
Please refer to this page for more information and the overview of the content.

> ## Deploying a Database

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Deploy a aatabase
```

> Charmed Superset relies on an external Charmed PostgreSQL database for storing application metadata such as users, dashboard definitions and logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Charmed Superset relies on an external Charmed PostgreSQL database for storing application metadata such as users, dashboard definitions and logs. Deploy it as follows:
```
Maybe add link to PostgreSQL charmhub page

```bash
# Deploy Charmed PostgreSQL
juju deploy postgresql-k8s --trust
# >>> Deployed "postgresql-k8s" from charm-hub charm "postgresql-k8s", revision 381 in channel 14/stable on ubuntu@22.04/stable

```

> You can check the deployment was successful by running `juju status`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can check the deployment was successful by running `juju status`. You should expect an output like this:
```

```
Model           Controller           Cloud/Region        Version  SLA          Timestamp
superset-model  superset-controller  microk8s/localhost  3.5.3    unsupported  10:48:10+01:00

App             Version  Status   Scale  Charm           Channel    Rev  Address  Exposed  Message
postgresql-k8s           waiting    0/1  postgresql-k8s  14/stable  381           no       installing agent

Unit              Workload  Agent       Address  Ports  Message
postgresql-k8s/0  waiting   allocating                  installing agent

```

> This may take some time (up to 10 minutes) to get to an `active` status. In the meantime we can move on..

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The database deployment may take some time, up to 10 minutes, to complete. After that, all Juju components should be in `active` status. 
```

> ## Deploying a Cache and Message Queue

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Deploy a cache and message queue
```

> Charmed Superset relies on an external Charmed Redis deployment, which acts as both a cache and message queue for Superset Celery workers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Charmed Superset relies on an external Charmed Redis deployment, which acts as both a cache and message queue for Superset Celery workers. Deploy it as follows:
```
Maybe add link to Redis and Celery workers

> We'll deploy this now:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: Remove code comments

# Deploy Charmed PostgreSQL
juju deploy redis-k8s --channel=edge
# >>> Deployed "redis-k8s" from charm-hub charm "redis-k8s", revision 36 in channel latest/edge on ubuntu@22.04/stable

```

> You can check the deployment has been successful by running `juju status --watch 2s` and taking note of the `redis-k8s` application and `redis-k8s/0` unit. Once all units reach an `Active` status we can proceed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check the deployment status with `juju status --watch 2s`, specifically the `redis-k8s` application and `redis-k8s/0` unit. The deployment is completed once all units reach the `active` status. 
```
